2020 09 30 question (#10432)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackagemultiplechoicequestion.md

---
title: "accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion resource type"

> description: "Child of accessPackageQuestion that has multiple choice as the question's answer format"

Reviewer: Suggest say subtype or subclass rather than child.

Author: Edited

author: "markwahl-msft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> A child of `accessPackageQuestion` which presents multiple answer options a requestor must choose an answer from.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A child of `accessPackageQuestion` that presents multiple options that the requestor must choose an answer from.
```
